Add rotation and distortsion filters (#417)
Frederikam/Lavalink: IMPLEMENTATION.md

    vibrato: {
        frequency: 2.0, // 0 < x ≤ 14
        depth: 0.5      // 0 < x ≤ 1
    },
    // Rotates the sound around the stereo channels/user headphones aka Audio Panning. It can produce an effect similar to: https://youtu.be/QB9EB8mTKcc (without the reverb)
    rotation: {

>         rotationHz: 0 // the best value would be 0.2, It is he frequency the audio should rotate around the listener, in Hertz.

Reviewer: What does “best” mean in this context?

```suggestion
        rotationHz: 0 // The best value would be 0.2, It is he frequency the audio should rotate around the listener, in hertz.
```

Author: In this context "best" means that the default given value there sounds as similar as to the youtube example there, without the reverb of course.

Reviewer: So “best” is totally subjective? That seems misleading

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        rotationHz: 0 // The frequency of the audio rotating around the listener in Hz. 0.2 is similar to the example video above.
```
